[ ](https://cargo.site)

[ ︎ ](/Left-Nav)

[ ]()

**[Youjin Chung](Home)**  
  
[︎](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youjin-chung/) | [︎](mailto:yjc433@nyu.edu) | [︎](https://github.com/youjinChung)   
  
[#ML](https://youjin.io/ML)  
[#XR](https://youjin.io/XR)  
[#Data](https://youjin.io/Data)  
[#Interactive](https://youjin.io/Interactive)  
  
[Archive](blog-1)  
  
  
  
**[](Resume)**[](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youjin-chung/)

  

# Haptics

  * Hello Vibe Motors  
Arnav and I played with vibrating motors using basic Arduino PWM. Used the
example codes ‘Blink’ and ‘Fade’, but connected vibrating motors instead of
LEDs.

  * 

  * Haptic Motor Driver  
  
We connected [Motor Driver](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-
drv2605-haptic-controller-breakout?view=all#assemble), but forgot to take a
documentation. We connected mic jack to the IN port of Motor Driver to change
audio input to vibration. For some reason, it didn’t work, but we saw another
team linked piezo sensor to IN port. I guess digital audio input needs more
complicated connection.

  * Motor Arrays  
We spent given time to work with motor driver, so we don’t have the
documentation of motor arrays. I worked on the final project using many motors
at the same time so I can show it on that part.

  * Haptic Buffet  
  
Phil and I worked to make a rainmaker. The point was giving a sensation of
rain drops on the palm. The below is what we ended up with..

![](../images/Haptics/rainmaker.gif)

  
  
By putting a vibrating motor on a rotating axis we tried to make that feeling,
but it rather feels like having a small tornado on your palm. We started with
several motors all together but take most of them off since the wires tangled
to each other. Even the feeling wasn’t quite close to what we expected but
still gave a satisfying sensation. I guess the point was not letting people
touch the motor directly, having very thin enclosure between skin and the
motor.  

  * Final Project  
Based on the last experiment, we polished the rainmaker. We laser-cut thin
strong cardboard as a raindrop shape. The raindrop is slightly bigger than the
size of a palm since we want people not to grab the drop, but let sit the
raindrop box on a palm and focus on the sensation. After setting the position
of each motors, we programmed each motor has different vibrating frequency and
rhythm randomly. One of the motors vibrating consistently while the others
vibrates once in a while, tried to give the random raindrop sensation.

  
It feels pretty much raindrops even the video sounds like popcorn maker. :)  
November 6, 2018

