[ ](https://cargo.site)

[ ︎ ](/Left-Nav)

[ ]()

**[Youjin Chung](Home)**  
  
[︎](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youjin-chung/) | [︎](mailto:yjc433@nyu.edu) | [︎](https://github.com/youjinChung)   
  
[#ML](https://youjin.io/ML)  
[#XR](https://youjin.io/XR)  
[#Data](https://youjin.io/Data)  
[#Interactive](https://youjin.io/Interactive)  
  
[Archive](blog-1)  
  
  
  
**[](Resume)**[](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youjin-chung/)

# Missing Dog

For the final presentation, Phil and I did a performance in a class, looking
for a missing dog and giving out the fliers.  
  
The front and back image of the flier looks like this.  

  
The act of performance was done in this order.  
  
\- Giving out the fliers to the classmates.  
\- Talking about the relationship with the dog and us, how meaningful he is to
us.  
\- Reading the fliers out loud altogether.  
\- Listening to the short response from the audience.  
\- Explanation of the performance and feedback.  
  
  
Apparently the image and text in the flier is machine generated, and there is
a disclaimer at the back. Since we was holding the flier showing the back to
the audience, not many people bought what we performed. It should be very
cautious performance since people hate the prank-like performance about
serious issue, (I hate them so much myself.) we can just try in this class
setting. Something like Sam Durant’s Scaffold can happen again, especially
someone actually have experience of losing their friends, pets, or family
members. We intentionally chose awkward photos and text not to deceive
audience, and giving a sense of discomfort with uncanny images and text.  
  
Thanks to some classmate, they asked why Don looks a bit weird, while the
other audiences have time to look at the flier thoroughly.  
  
The performance started from our small conversation, we were joking about we
are getting serious about fictional event. I was upsetting while reading
comics and Phil was laughing at movies. However, they are all “fake”.  

### _Fakeness of Emotion_

  
We want our lives to be expectable, stable, peaceful, meaning no drama in
life. Meanwhile we enjoy media to entertain ourselves in daily bases. What
does ‘entertain’ meaning? It makes us emotional without any harm. We can cry,
laugh at, upset about something without any risk of affecting our
relationships or being ignorant person to a sensitive political issue. It is
like dividing ourselves into rational-real-life and emotional-fictional-life.
We cannot be emotional to real matter since they are too serious. But can we
call our emotions fake for the fact that we are feeling for the fictional
event?  
  
Some people say trying dangerous action, or watching horror films is preparing
for the death. They are emotional prepare for death that is waiting for us. In
my case, while scraping the photos and words for missing pets, I found myself
just imagine about losing my cat, how sad it would be. Is that empathy? or
some psychotic delusive habit to enjoy other’s sadness?  
  
Ironically we rarely want to get involved to other people’s tragedy, since we
want our live so stable. In my case, I avoid to receive any fliers on the
street, even if it is not a commercial one, even if it is looking for a
missing person. (Even I don’t give any attention to figure out what the flier
is about.)  
  
and what if, we actually feel any emotion to non living entity, can we call
the relationship is fake? does it matter? Can we call pathetic to the
relationships between hospice robots and patients?  
  
We hope this performance arise some conversation about empathy and
relationship with other entities. December 18, 2018  

* * *

# Final proposal

##  _AI created Public Service Advertising_

**_Description including goals and parameters_**  
  
Published words have power and authority. We generally agree with the purpose
of public service Ads for the reason somebody put their effort and money to
publish them. Drifting on flooding messages, we don’t have time and attention
to filter them critically.  
However, do we do agree with their statements? What is the public good and how
the public make the consensus on it? Even very basic concepts we accept, such
as liberalism or humanism, are subtly framed politically by the zeitgeist.
When we look over public Ads, especially those from other historical period or
other countries with different ideologies, we sometimes feel they are rather
propagandas than public service Ads.  
  
Our goal is to generate copies and images for public service Ads with AI and
print them and post them in public places in New York. The data for AI are
from various cultural and periodical public service Ads and propaganda, so
convey feelings or weirdness and off-ness with inconsistency, for they are
generated from all different background and purpose. With the juxtaposition of
modern images and old phrases, or vice versa, we hope to raise awareness of
social morality and zeitgeist that we are living in.  
  
  
One of Nazi propaganda print.  
  
a Burger King ad - created to poke fun at AI.  
  
a Burger King ad - created to poke fun at AI.  
  
A modern public service ad for organ donation.  

## _Audience member a.k.a. user persona_

Our user persona is a person who feels comfortable and loves to publish their
messages through social media. They could have a didactic personality and be a
bit nosy. They enjoy walking on the street for commuting in New York, and
always gives attention whether some interesting stuff going on the street.
They are also very familiar with taking photos and spread them through social
media. They might be influencers, and always interpret messages in their own
way. (also loves to share that idea with their followers.)

## _Audience member a.k.a. user journey_

  
November 28, 2018[  
](https://youjin-chung-pgjj.squarespace.com/blog-1/2018/12/6/generative-music-
exploration)  

* * *

# Create an endurance or durational performance

When I thought about physical discomfort, the first thing came up with me was
hygiene issue.  
  
I am struggling with rashes all over my body from some toxic paint, and
feeling itchy everywhere especially on my face. The most important thing to me
was not letting anything on my face and make thing clean just in case, and to
avoid itch. Therefore I decide to explore dirty sensation in daily lives. Even
though we don’t have many chances to get into dirty stuff like fiscal, or put
mud on your body or something, but dropping sauces on your shirt happens all
the time and we all hate doing that. They are just sauces, not actual dirty
stuff we wanna avoid, but I thought it is easy way for people to understand
that endurance.  
  
Plus, I found a cultural difference that Koreans tend to share their foods as
a hospitality, even they feed strangers. Recently the society became more
individualized and care about hygiene issue much more, so it is hard to find
actually people doing that. But some elderly still doing that, such as feeding
their grandchildren or something. I found relatively people here avoid even
just sharing foods. There will be a lot of different reasons, such as allergy
or they have never experienced that kind of food before... What I guess is the
cultural and historical difference that Koreans are relatively has one united
ethnic identity, where as North Americans are not. Since they all came from
all the different ethnicity and the fear about ‘differenceness’. Apparently,
accepting something that the other moving directly into my mouth is not a easy
thing unless I have a definite trust on that person. Taste what the other
give, eat the thing and move it inside of your body need a lot of courage. I
think I couldn’t do if I didn’t prepare my food and waiting people to feed me
with their food.  
  
Therefore, I planned a performance that letting people feed my a hotdog
covered with flooding sauces while I close my eyes. The hot dog is so much
covered with ketchup and mustard, even let the audience feel gross to hold
them. Inevitably, the sauces will drop on my shirt, so I prepared on e that I
will throw away after the performance. I bet just watching me cleaning my face
with my shirt will discomfort them, also actually Jason told me that just
touching ketchup with his hand was so gross.  
  
Thing I got more than I expected was, other sensations like smell of ketchup,
and the sour taste spreading in my mouth. I couldn’t feel anything but
ketchup, that was totally new sensation even though I love ketchup a lot. The
feeling touch that much sauce on your hand is not usual, it was so new to me
also.  

[November 14, 2018  
](https://youjin-chung-pgjj.squarespace.com/blog-1/2018/11/15/generative-
music-melody-rnn)  

* * *

# Reading response 1

  
Role playing gives rule, structure and commitment to people who are engaging
to certain event on the site. I am taking a Game Design class this semester,
and the instructor of that class Greg introduced the social game he made for a
museum, I don’t remember the specific name of it, but I guess it was a sort of
political museum. The game is senate simulation for high students. When they
step into the council, most of them are totally not interested in what’s going
on there. They are on the field trip and just waiting for it finishes. Each
student will be the senate of each state of America, and learn how to work for
their own state as a senate. By doing so they will learn the political stands
of Liberal and Republican parties. It’s really hard make people focus on some
social event if they are just being there as obligation. So what Greg come up
with was making the gamers /participants make an oath as a senate and say the
oath out loud, standing a right hand, as actual senates do. What Greg says is,
that is the right moment that changes uninterested high school students into
senates of the States and giving them duties and responsibilities, and make
them feel engaged. The ritual makes people serious and commit to their role
since they say it loud. It is interesting that they feel like they are
obligated even they knows it is not real and they are not legally obligated.
Even very trivial matters, people feel obligated to show consistency with what
they said. One example is a scheme of telemarketing, that people feel really
hard to say ‘no’ after answering to the greetings like ‘How are you?’ ‘Great’,
‘Lovely’. I guess this is the magic of role playing, that let people act in
certain ways without preparing many things. As in the readings this week,
people actually punishes prisoner actors even they are not actual prisoners.
Playing games make people put themselves into someone else’s shoe much more
effectively than just listening to other people’s story. People won’t feel
real for Eamon and Ulrike if they just read a article about them, not
receiving commands through phone and accomplish them. We don’t need to tell
people how they supposed to act one by one. By putting them in a specific
situation, people act like what they think they are expected in that context.
November 6, 2018  

